{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Arial;}}

\b Seamoth Flare System\b0\par
\par
\b Description\b0\par
The Seamoth Flare System adds a new upgrade module for the Seamoth, allowing you to launch flares directly from your vehicle. Illuminate the depths, mark locations, or distract predators with ease!\par
\par
\b Features\b0\par
\bullet Install a Seamoth Flare Module to launch flares from your Seamoth.\par
\bullet Each installed module is visually represented on your vehicle.\par
\bullet Flares are launched from the correct location on the Seamoth.\par
\bullet All key behaviors are configurable in the in-game mod options menu:\par
  \tab - Require Crashfish for crafting\par
  \tab - Flare launch energy cost\par
  \tab - Flare launch cooldown\par
  \tab - Flare launch force\par
  \tab - Flare light intensity\par
  \tab - Flare light range\par
\bullet All options and UI are available in English, French, German, Italian, Russian, and Spanish.\par
\par
\b How to Use\b0\par
1. Craft the Seamoth Flare Module at the Vehicle Upgrade Console.\par
2. Install the module in your Seamoth's upgrade bay.\par
3. Use the new flare launch function while piloting your Seamoth!\par
4. Adjust settings in the mod options menu to suit your playstyle.\par
\par
\b Requirements\b0\par
- BepInEx\par
- Nautilus\par
\par
\b Installation\b0\par
1. Install BepInEx and Nautilus for Subnautica.\par
2. Place the Seamoth Flare System mod folder into your BepInEx/plugins directory.\par
3. Launch the game.\par
\par
\b Credits\b0\par
Created by visolar6.\par
\par
\b Support\b0\par
For help or feedback, please use the Nexus Mods page.\par
\par
\b Source Code\b0\par
You can find the source code and report issues on GitHub:\par
\ul https://github.com/visolar6/Seamoth-Flare-System\ulnone\par
}